1. In Python 3, what is the type of type(range(5))
2.What is the data type of the following
	aTuple = (1, 'Jhon', 1+3j)
print(type(aTuple[2:3]))
3.What is the data type of print(type(10))
4.Which of the following is used to represent 'nothing'?
5.Which is the correct operator for power(xy)?
6.Which one of these is floor division?
7.What is the answer to this expression, 22 % 3 is?
8.The expression Int(x) implies that the variable x is converted to integer.
9.Write a Python program to convert temperatures to and from celsius, fahrenheit. 
[ Formula : c/5 = f-32/9 [ where c = temperature in celsius and f = temperature in fahrenheit ]
Expected Output :
60°C is 140 in Fahrenheit
45°F is 7 in Celsius
10. Write a Python program that accepts a word from the user and reverse it.
11.Write a Python program to get the Fibonacci series between 0 to 50.
12.Write a Python program that accepts a sequence of lines (blank line to terminate) as input and prints the lines as output (all characters in lower case).
13.We’ll use the following steps to calculate the sum of N numbers.

Create a list of integers and populate with N (=6) values.
Initialize a variable (sum) for storing the summation.
Loop N (=6) number of times to get the value of each integer from the list.
In the loop, add each value with the previous and assign to a variable named as the sum.
Divide the “sum” with N (=6). We used the len() function to determine the size of our list.
The output of the previous step is the average we wanted.
Finally, print both the “sum” and the average.
14.Find A Fibonacci Sequence Upto nth Term Using The While Loop
15.Write a python program to print the square of all numbers from 0 to 10
16.Write a python program to print all prime numbers between 0 to 100 , and print how many prime numbers are there.
17.Write a Python function to multiply all the numbers in a list.
18.Write a Python function to calculate the factorial of a number (a non-negative integer). The function accepts the number as an argument.
19.Write a Python function that accepts a string and calculate the number of upper case letters and lower case letters.
20.Write a Python function that takes a number as a parameter and check the number is prime or not.